Foundation Executive Director Job Description Job Title: Foundation Executive Director Company Name: Gritman Medical Center Employment Type: Full Time (Exempt) Location: MOSCOW, ID, United States Department: Foundation Salary: Highly Competitive Shift Hours/ Days: M-F, days Hours/Pay Period: 80 Degree Required: None Specified Job ID: 2013.00558 Date Posted: Feb 25, 2013 Years Experience: unspecified Note: Please read the complete description below before applying for this job. Complete Description Full-Time, exempt position, day shifts with occasional evening commitments required. Under a combination of administrative and executive leadership, the Executive Director directs the overall operation of the Gritman Medical Center Foundation consistent with policies and objectives of the Foundation and its advisory or governing board including responsibility for planning, implementation and administration of all fund raising programs to generate revenue from individuals, corporations, foundations, organizations, special events, and marketing partnerships. The Executive Director will collaborate with the Foundation Board of Directors and Administration to establish fund raising plans and to evaluate the effectiveness of the plans; will oversee planned giving, annual giving, and major gift programs, special events, fund development, donor relations and stewardship; will be responsible for writing grants to support the strategic initiatives of Gritman Medical Center; and will ensure that the Foundation remains fiscally sound. The Executive Director will be responsible for fiscal management of the department, including annual budget development and compliance; for active participation on the administrative team; and for living the mission, vision, and values of Gritman Medical Center. Successful candidates must possess in depth knowledge of all the disciplines of foundation business, have an extensive knowledge of annual, capital and planned giving. A Bachelors Degree is required and applicants will have 5 years of high level experience in a philanthropic setting and proven success in grant writing, planned giving and major gifts. Proficient in Microsoft Office applications. Gritman Medical Center is a tobacco-free campus. All candidates are subject to criminal background search and drug screen. We are an EEO and drug-free workplace... 
