Lead Environmental Services Tech Job Description Job Title: Lead Environmental Services Tech Company Name: Gritman Medical Center Employment Type: Half Time Location: MOSCOW, ID, United States Department: Environmental Services Salary: $ 9.21 - $ 12.90 Hourly Shift Hours/ Days: Saturday and Sunday 6a-2:30p, & weekly meetings. Shift Details: Make certain daily operations are maintained to keep hospital facilities in a clean and orderly condition to provide a safe environment for patients, visitors, physicians, and staff. Follow policy and direction from Department Director. Assists in the tra Hours/Pay Period: 40 Degree Required: None Specified Job ID: 2013.00577 Date Posted: Apr 12, 2013 Years Experience: unspecified Job Category: Facilities Support Note: Please read the complete description below before applying for this job. Complete Description This is a half-time, benefited position. Make certain day-to-day operations are maintained to keep hospital facilities in a clean, sanitary and orderly condition to provide a safe environment for patients, visitors, physicians, and staff. Follows policy and direction from Department Manager. Assists in the training of department staff as to procedures regarding the use of supplies and equipment. Make certain meeting room set-ups are completed according to schedule and deep cleaning of all areas. May assist interviewing candidates, training, evaluating of personnel. High school or equivalent. Experience and demonstrates ability to lead, direct and coordinate day-to-day operations to meet needs of the various departments. Excellent verbal and written communication skills (knowledge of Word, Excel, Outlook recommended). Prefer previous knowledge of hospital cleaning techniques and experience with using hospital grade chemicals and equipment. Additional Information Weekend and/or Holiday Rotation may be required. Gritman Medical Center is a tobacco-free campus. All candidates are subject to criminal background search and drug screen. We are an EEO and drug-free workplace... 
